What is ONNX ?

ONNX is an intermediary machine learning framework used to convert between different machine learning frameworks. So let's say you're in TensorFlow, 
and you want to get to TensorRT, or you're in PyTorch, and you want to get to TFLite, or some other machine learning framework. ONNX is a really good 
intermediary to use to convert your model as you're going through these different machine learning frameworks.

So ONNX has worked really hard to basically implement all kinds of different neural network functions and different functionalities in these machine 
learning models, so I can support  this cross functionality to have baseline, common framework to convert into.

What are the 5 outputs for anchor box ?
Ans. x: x coordinate of the centroid of the anchor box
     y: y coordinate of the centroid of the anchor box
     h: height of the anchor box
     w: width of the anchor box
     Ci/objectness: Confidence score of whether there is an object or not.
     
Describe detection layers in Yolov3?
Ans.YOLO v3 makes prediction across 3 different scales. The detection layer is used to make detection at feature maps of three different sizes, 
having strides 32, 16, 8 (Total strides) respectively. This means, with an input of 416 x 416, we make detections on scales 13 x 13, 26 x 26 and 52 x 52.

The network downsamples the input image until the first detection layer, where a detection is made using feature maps/outputs of a layer with stride(total stride) 32. 
Further, layers are upsampled by a factor of 2 and concatenated with feature maps of a previous layers having identical feature map sizes. 
Another detection is now made at layer with stride 16. The same upsampling procedure is repeated, and a final detection is made at the layer of stride 8.

At each scale, each cell predicts 3 bounding boxes using 3 anchors, making the total number of anchors used 9. (The anchors are different for different scales)   

The three detection layers are : 13 x 13 x 255 , 26 x 26 x 256, 52 x 52 x 128 
